PO writing documentation (plateau 4) (#128)
GPP-Woo/GPP-zoeken: docs/admin/overige.rst

Door hierop te klikken wordt het desbetreffende beheerscherm geopend.

.. we don't document the remainder - through user groups/permissions we should only

>    expose services (maybe certificates if needed), so those items will not be visible
>    anyway.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. we don't document the remainder - through user groups/permissions we should only
   expose services, so those items will not be visible anyway.

```
